yesterday Heidi and I were driving
around the countryside in Germany and
she filmed me underneath a hazelnut tree
here we go public new technology at its
finest hour I'm standing underneath an
old I mean old a hazelnut tree can you
believe this on the corner here of the
road and this I mean this hazelnut tree
is old there's an old bench here and an
old stone table now this table during
those during World War two they planted
Adolf Hitler headed before the war he
had a lot of fruit trees and nut trees
planted throughout all of eastern
Germany so in case his soldiers were
ever in a situation of war here in the
country they could find food from the
trees in the fruit trees look at this
here's the hazelnut this one here was
already cracked open Heidi already found
it but there again you can see it's a
hazelnut it's the seed the hazelnut
itself is the seed in sight here's what
that haze it up so they would be over
here sure they would be smacking it on
that then they'd be opening up the
hazelnut shell and there would be the
hazelnut ok now the seed is very
important in this case the seed is the
actual edible part and is where the
protein and the nourishment is and let's
just understand something Jesus Christ
compared the Word of God to a seed now
some of the seed could fall on the
wayside some of the seed falls on stony
ground some of the seat can fall on a
good ground
so the Word of God can become the
nourishment the Bible says man can't
live by bread alone but by every word
that proceedeth from the mouth of God
Jesus said your father's did eat bread
in the wilderness and it and they died
but any man that eats of my flesh and
drinks of My Blood shall never die so
again I'm standing here in the corner on
not far outside the town of Grafenwoehr
Germany and under an old hazelnut tree
I'll be right back with more information
and so I will be right back we're gonna
have a great show don't miss it it's at
three p.m. eastern Sunday Night Live is
at three pm eastern got a ton of stuff
to talk about Syria the biblical floods
that go on in Colorado and some of the
bombings now Iraq 48 people dead today
and there's a lot more be right back
don't miss the show